Amani - whoa
fuck surrounded
damn I knocked a butch woman afire
oh I got an achievement stop drop and
roll
I musta killed a bunch of it in the fire
and it gave me an achievement for it
then I keep these combos up the only way
to get points
but you never find it
the hell are that the fuck I can't find
anybody Cobb was inspiring serious one
Oh
our combo ran out fuck
he'll stop Oh dams you sell them in the
balls that's fucked up
I don't see any enemies here we go
got a proximity bow
to be diggety diggety get addicted city
fuck the time bonus book can't get to it
mr. didn't die 17 cava no good
fuck
the hell I want to do that got one
there's a puncher I am
nice damn
you'll kick a ball stop-attack I love it
while loading so fucking cumbersome
as you can
30 nice like if we've killed a big dude
you get like super duper bonus points of
under he's around here somewhere that's
gonna hit you before
Spidy there's a shitload do
he's a pain in the ass to kill oh good
disco spin oh no I did the disco Stu
attack I did nice whatever you did it
blew the shit out of them
trying to back away
while one of these bitches powder
hurry oh fuck oh my god I hit me
Oh Full Nelson Full Nelson
he'll stop you can reload during a
fucking melee attack animation yeah oh
my god what the fuck dude
holy shit a camel right now that sucks
I wonder who's hitting right behind you
on a ham off
I'm fucking all I was a rocket launcher
miss Wilson trouser here
look like a sweater
he talked the fucking grenade launcher
zombie
all right finally the bullets
oh my god have seven bullets left
we have 60,000 this better be way better
than the 30,000 of 6b that's what you
need the pass right be yep minds cannot
be used
woohoo yay mines
41 combo